Let's do it together.
The Crown Prince actually wants to teach Great Xia hell to be human
religious poetry
I'm afraid he's not crazy
He can't even compare to a single hair of Fang Xiaotu
The prince is cautious
Mr. Fang is the first scholar in Great Xia
Poetry is at its peak
It's really a joke when you say something like that.
prince
Don't be impulsive
I also ask my father and the ministers to be captains together
Your Majesty
That being the case
I'd like to see what the prince can do
If the general can't even win the crown prince
I would like to burn all the books
Stop reading
Get a pen and paper
No matter whether the son goes first
Yesterday, I told us in advance about the administration of Fang Xiaotu
Asshole prince
What would that lead to?
Nothing more than great joy
But
How things go
Much smoother than we imagined
He was angrily reprimanded by Fang Daru
More than that
Fang Daru said he didn't learn martial arts
No ink
When the temple refused to add him to the post
Good.
He's good
I don't know how much I weigh
Facing the Poetry Assessment Proposed by Fang Daru
You're talking nonsense
What do you want to teach the great Tathagata Fang to write poetry?
Isn't this a taboo for people who skate the world?